# MobScannerSDK
The Mobscanner App (Available for Android at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mera.doc.scanner), designed to perform faster image scanning and produce quality PDFs with finger tips. The App aims to bring best quality images by removing shadows and any other noise from the input image. 
The heart of the App, the MobScanner SDK provides out of the box aaccurate, fast, and reliable mobile document scanning SDK for Android (ios under development). Use any smart device to quickly and accurately digitize the documents you need. Implement the Ready-To-Use UI (RTU UI) with only a few lines of code cuts down the development cost and time for the business. 

## Requirements
Operating System

•	Android 5.0 (API Level 21) and higher

Hardware

•	Rear-facing camera with autofocus

•	Supported CPUs and Architectures (ABIs): armeabi-v7, arm64-v8a, x86, x86_64

## No Internet Connection Required
The MobScanner SDK works completely offline. It doesn't even contain any networking code. This can easily be verified by routing all networking traffic coming from the app through a proxy. All data generated by the MobScanner SDK is only stored on the end user’s device and in absolutely no case ever transferred to a server / cloud service controlled by us. You as the customer will need to take care of uploading the scans / data to your backend, if desired.

# Features
Pick images from camera or gallery

Supports multiple image scanning

Inbuilt ID Card maker

Auto edge detection

Alignment correction 

Perspective Transformation

Intelligent Image Filter for enhancement

Offline mode 

API support

# SDK Usage
